= blessing

A group of Unicorns is called a blessing.

Blessing is a script to manage multiple Unicorn Rack servers.

== Install

    gem install blessing

== Run

Blessing CLI script takes at least one argument, which provides a list of Unicorn configuration files and then
starts Unicorn instances from them.

    blessing /var/www/rails_app/config/unicorn.conf

    blessing /var/www/*/config/unicorn.conf

    blessing /var/vhosts/**/config/unicorn.conf

After starting the servers, Blessing keeps monitoring the given list of configurations and reacts to the following events:

* when a conf file is changed, restarts the corresponding Unicorn instance
* when a new conf is found (via globbing), starts a new instance
* when a conf is removed, stops the corresponding instance

== Contributing to blessing
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Laas Toom. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

